---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-04-03
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week was a "get my life organized" week.  After turning in the first part
of the IDB projects, I needed to figure out what was needed for the next phase,
phase 2, and what my part in this next phase looks like.  We went over the
second part of the project on Monday in class.  On Wednesday we heard from Steve
and Mark from Atlassian on how their company works and what a typical day looks
like for them.  On Friday regex was introduced to us, and it was the first time
I had ever learned about it.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Making sure that I get as much done at the beginning of the week as possible for
this next part of our project that is due on Thursday. So I need to make sure I
have all of my other work in my other classes taken care of in order to get this
project done.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
This next week I will focus on getting IDB2 finished before Thursday.

<h2>Experience</h2>
This week we went over xml documents and regex.  It was the first time I have
learned about either so this was definitely something new for me.  Xml does not
seem too complicated, but regex is very interesting and seems complicated.  I
like learning about these things because I'm sure I will use them in the near
future in my job.  Also it was cool hearing from Steve and Mark from Atlassian
about the different tools they use.  They use several different brands of tools
from what we use so it was nice seeing the comparisons of them.

<h2>Tip</h2>
I am one to be always stressed out from the biggest things to the tiniest things
in life.  After watching [this video from Buzzfeed](http://www.buzzfeed.com/brandensmith/how-stress-affects-your-body#.bj0Y7XEag),
it makes me realize what stress can do to you and your body.  I see how important
it is to try and not let stress affect me, so even though it is easier said than
done, I will try do my best to make a more conscious effort to not be.
