---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-02-14
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week in class we went over the second project, Netflix, on Monday.  
Professor Downing explained all the different data files and which ones to use
for making the predictions.  He also went over the definition of RMSE (Root
Mean Squared Error) and its method.  On Wednesday we had a guest speaker, Ben
Porter, a software engineer from Main Street Hub.  He discussed his time at UT,
then his previous jobs that led him to Main Street Hub.  He talked about exactly
what Main Street Hub does and the different software tools they use, then talked
about the interviewing process and what interviewers are looking for in their
candidates.  On Friday we went back to discussing the reduce() and the concept
of iterators.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Getting our RMSE below 1.00 is in my way and my partner's way.  As of now I
view the process as trial and error, trying this and seeing if our predictions
are any closer to the actual ratings and if our RMSE has gotten any better, if
not, then try something else, if it does, can we make it better?  

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
This next week my focus will be on finishing up project 2.  We need to get to
the study sessions this week and then make sure we are doing everything
correctly and then turn in the project by Thursday.

<h2>Experience</h2>
I really enjoyed having a guest speaker in class this week.  It was cool
hearing from a previous UT Computer Science student who is now working as a
software engineer.  His talk was very relevant and shows that the things we
are working on and practicing in class are very much used every single day in
the real world.

<h2>Tip</h2>
Ever want to play games in your terminal? Well if you visit
[this site](http://computers.tutsplus.com/tutorials/how-to-play-tetris-pong-and-other-hidden-games-on-your-mac--mac-44485), it shows you how to play games such as Tetris, Pong, and snake, and then the
various other games that are found in the folder.  Just make sure you have
[emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) downloaded and you should be all
set to go!  I never knew about this, so I thought it was a fun little tip for
whenever you just need a break and want to play a classic game!
