---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-03-13
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week was kind of a get back to normal week after the test from the
previous week.  We went over the next project, IDB1, on Monday.  On Wednesday we
had a guest speaker, Everett Toews, from Rackspace show us a tutorial about
Docker and Carina which we will use for our project.  And then on Friday
Professor Downing was very nice and cancelled class because of the bad traffic
from President Obama coming in to town and SXSW.  My group met this week to
start coming up with ideas for our project and set stuff up.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Getting this project done in time by Thursday since we will all be gone this
week for Spring Break and all of us have other big projects in other classes due
the same week.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
I will be out of town this next week for Spring Break, so will take a little
break from school, but when I get the chance, I will work on IDB1.

<h2>Experience</h2>
After going over the next couple of projects, mainly just the first of the three
projects, I am very excited for the projects.  It's nice to work in a group who
all care and are just as passionate about working on these projects and it's a
great way to learn all the different software tools out there and to get a real
first hand experience of creating a real live database website.

<h2>Tip</h2>
This past week, on Tuesday, March 8th, it was International Women's Day.  
International Women's Day has been celebrated every March 8th since 1913, and
the United Nations has recognized it since 1975, according to this BBC article,
[In Pictures: Women making technology work for them](http://www.bbc.com/news/in-pictures-35705391).
This article celebrates International Women's Day by highlighting how women from
eleven different countries use technology to help out their communities,
families, and themselves.  I think it is a great article to showcase the
technologic talent of women around the world and how they use it to better their
lives and everyone else around them.  It's amazing what anyone can do if they
just put their mind to it!
