---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-01-31
---

##1. What did you do this past week?
This past week of class we finished going over our first project, Collatz.  The previous 
Friday Professor Downing had started going over all of the requirements, so on Monday he
finished them.  He then went over the unit tests and how they work and what to use them 
for.  We learned the differences between the ways you should and should not use assertions 
and why.  On Friday we went over acceptance tests and how to use exception statements, 
along with try/catch statements.  Outside of class I worked on figuring out how to use 
Jekyll better and cleaned up my site and started looking at Project 1.

##2. What's in your way?
What's in my way is studying better for the quizzes.  I need to listen more carefully in 
class and finish all of the readings.

##3. What will you do next week?
This upcoming week I am going to finish Project 1, seeing as it is due on Thursday.  I 
also need to get a head start on the readings because they are a lot to do in one night, 
so I need to get started on them as soon as possible.

##Experience
After the first two weeks of class have gone by I am a little more settled each day.  
I am still nervous about being called on in class, but I like that when he calls on 
people, if they get something wrong, he genuinely cares and wants to teach them the 
correct answer to make sure that we are actually learning.  He truly is invested in his 
students and does know how to make us laugh.  

##Tip
My tip of the week is to make sure that all of the different tools and software you need 
installed on your computer for these projects or for making your blog are installed and 
updated to the current versions.  I think that most of my time so far has only been spent 
figuring out how to install this or update that and why this command is not working and 
then googling how to make it work.  For example, I already had installed Homebrew, which 
is a package management system for OS X, and allows you to quickly install and update 
tools and libraries, but needed it to be updated.  After doing that I was able to  get 
most of what I needed installed and updated.  I found 
[this website](http://www.stuartellis.eu/articles/mac-setup/) which helped me get a good 
feel for the basic things I needed to update and install in order to get everything else 
specified for these projects and blog installed.
















