---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-05-01
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week of class, we finished up the last lecture of class. We finished
discussing the abstract factory patterns. Then we were introduced to clone in
Java and learned how to utilize that in creating prototype patterns. On Wednesday
we started our IDB project presentations. My group and I presented on Friday.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Finishing up other work in class so that I can solely focus on studying for our
last test.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
This next week I will finish up work for my other classes and then study, study,
study for our last test. It is on Thursday night so I have plenty of time, but
just need to focus. I need to go over all of the code that is posted on our
schedule and then make my cheat sheet.

<h2>Experience</h2>
I have never been a huge fan of presentations, let alone actually giving a
presentation, but the presentations for our IDB project have been quite enjoyable.
It is very cool getting to see everyone present their websites and see how each
group's project is so unique from every other group's, yet still having all the
same requirements in there. Also, giving our presentation was quite fun and I
didn't hate giving it all that much, which is definitely a change for me!

<h2>Tip</h2>
Here are some great [studying tips](http://greatist.com/happiness/better-study-tips-test)
now that it is test time again. For me, at least, this is my only class with
tests in it, so I have not had to study for any tests lately and I am a bit out
of practice. So for those who have this same problem, I suggest checking these out!
