---
layout: post
title:  "Week 15 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-05-08
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week I prepared myself for our last test of the class and semester.
I made sure to go over all of Downing's code that he had posted, I reread all of
my notes, redid all the quizzes, and then looked through all of the assigned
readings that we had. From there I made my cheat sheet.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Nothing is in my way! I am officially done with school and it feels amazing.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
I will do absolutely nothing this week, except for sleep, sleep, eat, sleep, catch
up on shows, and sleep some more.

<h2>Experience</h2>
Now that our class is officially over for the semester, I would say that my
experience in this class has been a good one. It was definitely a lot different
than I was expecting but I enjoyed it overall. It was great to have a professor
who cares so much about his class and students. I learned a great deal, had a great
experience with our group projects, and hopefully did well on my last test. I
will now enjoy being finished with school and graduating on the 21st and feeling
accomplished that I survived Computer Science!

<h2>Tip</h2>
As I am now graduating in May, I came across this [Buzzfeed article](https://www.buzzfeed.com/krodich/40-thoughts-going-through-the-heads-of-graduating-gqax?utm_term=.tj9Jq3VxK#.ikoJNPmlz) that perfectly sums up most of the thoughts I had as
the semester was coming to an end. For those of who are also about to graduate,
congratulations!!
