---
layout: post
title:  "Week 11 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-04-10
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week IDB2 was due. My group and I worked all of Wednesday night and
Thursday to finish it up. Myself and two others in my group also had a Beta
release due in iOS on Wednesday, that got pushed back to Friday as well, so we
all got to work starting Wednesday when we got the extended deadline for our
other project. In class we started learning about SQL, covering mainly all the
different ways to select certain things and joining them.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Getting enough sleep. This past week I had two major projects due that required
me to not get as much sleep as I would have liked. I need to catch up on sleep
in order to feel prepared to take on the next week and weeks to come.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
We will hopefully go over IDB3 in class on Monday, and I will start to get an
idea of what needs to be done and when we should start on it.

<h2>Experience</h2>
After turning in the next phase of the IDB projects, I have really grown to like
working more in a group that works well together. But I have also learned, and
so has my group I hope, that we are terrible planners in terms of time and
getting things started earlier. Yes several of us had two big projects due this
week, and we also did not realize the problems we would run in to, but I do
not exactly enjoy having to turn the project in at the very last minute. That
was not exactly a fond or exciting experience, and I hope that IDB3 goes better
for us and that from here on out I will do my best to get us going sooner rather
than later.

<h2>Tip</h2>
For all those who either use the Spotlight feature on your Mac to find things,
or you don't use the Spotlight feature because it is either too slow, or just
annoying, then I suggest you get [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com). Alfred
can do everything Spotlight can do and more. I love using it and it helps find
things quickly on my Mac, search the web, or do simple math problems, but it
also does a lot more complex things that the Spotlight doesn't do.
