---
layout: post
title:  "Week 13 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-04-24
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week we finished going over the refactoring code in Java from the book,
<i>Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code</i> by Martin Fowler. We
discussed overriding methods and how the key words "private", "static", and "extends"
effects two classes. We also discussed singletons. This week we also turned in the
final phase and project of the semester, IDB3, on Thursday night.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
What is in my way is making myself start to study for our last Software Engineering
test.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
This next week I will start to review class material for test. My group and I will
also start to prepare for our presentation by finishing up the requirements for
the project.

<h2>Experience</h2>
After turning in the last phase of our IDB projects, I have realized how much fun
group work can truly be if you do it right. It was great getting to work with
people in class that I have never worked with before and getting to know them. It
was also great getting to learn from each one of my group members on things that
I was not familiar with in the past.

<h2>Tip</h2>
The tip of the week this week is on tips for communication in small groups. I
think these are a great set of skills to have, especially for being in our field
of work. [Skillsyouneed.com](http://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/improving-communication.html)
sums it up well.
