---
layout: post
title:  "Week 6 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-02-28
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week I started reviewing for our upcoming test by going over my notes
and readings from class.  In class we went over function key words, defaults,
and function unpacking on Monday.  On Monday we had a guest speaker named Conrad
Stoll who works for Mutual Mobile.  On Friday we finished up going over function
unpacking, including function tuples and dictionaries.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Trying to really focus on studying.  This is my only class that has tests this
semester so I have not had a test since last semester, so trying to get back
into my test study mode is turning out to be harder than I thought.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
This next week I will continue to study for this test.  I need to go through all
of my notes that I take in class, then all of the notes on the GoogleDoc and
the files on the schedule.  Then I need to look over my notes from the readings
and start to make my cheat sheet for the test.

<h2>Experience</h2>
Trying to remember each little nuance in Python is quite challenging, so following
along in class becomes very important.  If I even start to think about anything
else other then what's going on in class, then I get lost very easily.  Going
over every little example of code, for the code that is correct and then the
errors truly helps paint the whole picture.  The difficult part is to understand
why and then remembering those facts.

<h2>Tip</h2>
With the upcoming test being mainly coding in Python, even though this is
tediously annoying to do, taking [this tutorial](http://www.learnpython.org) on
learnpython.org will help reiterate everything.  Even if you think you know
"everything about Python", go through this tutorial and prove it to yourself by
doing all of the examples in the code window to see that you get it right and
truly do know everything.
