---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-02-07
---

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
Last week in class we finished up going over exceptions and how they are raised and then 
handled in Python.  Professor Downing introduced the finally else and finally clause 
when dealing with exceptions and the different circumstances of when each of those clauses 
are used and not used.  We then went on to discuss types, such as list, tuple, int, 
boolean, float, string, set, and dictionary.  We learned about which types were hashable, 
immutable, and mutable, and whether or not which types can contain which types. We also 
talked about the different Python operators and which ones actually modify variables and 
which ones do not depending on the language and type of variable and operator.  We 
also discussed what the reduce function does in Python and worked with other students in 
class to discuss how we thought the reduce function worked.  On Thursday night we turned 
in the first project of the semester, Collatz!

##2. What's in your way?
Studying and preparing myself better for the quizzes.  I need to make sure to go over my 
notes and the class Google document the night before class so I can be sure to actually 
understand everything we discussed in class.

##3. What will you do next week?
This next week we will hopefully get to hear about our next project and I will start to 
work with my partner on it so we can get a head start on it.

##Experience
Turning in the first project this week was a very nerve wracking task.  There were so 
many requirements and little details that you had to make sure you did in order to do 
everything correctly that I spent most of my time just staring at the rubric and 
requirements to make sure I did not miss anything and that I had everything set up 
correctly.  I was nervous to turn it in because I felt I was missing something and did 
not want to receive an email the next day saying my project did not compile or run like it 
was supposed to and that I was going to have to work on it some more.  But once I finally 
turned it in, I felt good about it and it was a nice feeling and accomplishment to have 
it done and turned in!

##Tip
For my tip of the week I found a nifty little package for the text editor I just started 
using for this class called [Atom](https://atom.io).  I normally use Sublime, but I came 
across this and I like it a lot better, and it's more fun and easy to use.  The package 
I found for it is to add the status of you Travi CI build for whatever project you are 
working on, which is perfect for the this class and our projects.  So if you happen to be 
using Atom as your text editor, or want to check it out, I highly recommend it and that 
you install the [Travis CI Status](https://atom.io/packages/travis-ci-status) to your 
Atom status bar so as you code and push code to your repo, you can see the status of your 
current build while you are in Atom without having to constantly be checking the Travis 
CI website! 
















