---
layout: post
title:  "Week 7 of Software Engineering"
date:   2016-03-06
---

The first test I thought was very fair.  They were all questions that I
expected to be on the test.  The only thing I had a problem with was clarification.
Some of the directions for the coding questions I thought were a little vague
and confusing.  The questions were definitely tough but doable.

<h2>1. What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week I studied quite a lot for our test that we took on Thursday.  I
went over the basics of Python from [Learn Python](http://www.learnpython.org).
I then started to make my cheat sheet by going over what other notes people in
the class posted on Piazza, my notes from class, and then the notes from the
Google Doc.  In class we finished going over range and then went over decorators
and closures.

<h2>2. What's in your way?</h2>
Being motivated to getting started on the next project seeing as Spring Break is
the following week and I am not going to want to do much work this week.

<h2>3. What will you do next week?</h2>
This next week I will start to work with my group on Project 3, which Professor
Downing will go over in class this week.

<h2>Experience</h2>
After taking the first test, I now know how to study better for the next test and
hopefully feel better going into it.  Having the cheat sheet definitely helped,
but I had some trouble on the last questions, so I need to approach taking notes
and studying for the next test completely different.

<h2>Tip</h2>
For a little fun, if you did not know, people who wear crazy socks are typically
more successful and smart in life according to
[this article](http://www.yourtango.com/2016285660/people-who-wear-crazy-socks-are-smart-revolutionary).
For your next job interview or day at the office, wear some fun, bold socks to
have some confidence in yourself, embrace your independent and
unique personality, or even to break the ice.  According to the article, and
New York Times, the tech workers in Silicon Valley started the trend and credits
them for showing the world how it's done.  I know I love to wear fun socks,
don't be ashamed if you do too!
